Docs: Update issue triage doc with new automation behaviors (#28181)
grafana/grafana: ISSUE_TRIAGE.md

| `area/*`                 | Subject is related to a functional area of interest or component.         |
| `datasource/*`           | Subject is related to a core data source plugin.                          |

### Duplicate issues

Make sure it's not a duplicate by searching existing issues using related terms from the issue title and description. If you think you know there is an existing issue, but can't find it, please reach out to one of the maintainers and ask for help. If you identify that the issue is a duplicate of an existing issue:

1. Add a comment `/duplicate of #<issue number>`. GitHub will recognize this and add some additional context to the issue activity.

> 2. The GrafaanBot will do the rest, adding the correct label and closing message

Author: ```suggestion
2. The Grafana bot will do the rest, adding the correct label and closing message
```

> 2. The Grafana bot will do the rest, adding the correct label and closing message

Author: ```suggestion
2. The Grafana bot will do the rest, adding the correct label and closing comment
```
